OK no more goofing around with set up or theory it's time to start writing some real code.
In the last section we generated a new project using the Riak native see a lie.
I'm now sitting inside of that project directory.
The album structure.
And I'm going to open up my code editor inside of this folder.
So say Adam dot notice if you don't have Adam installed on your system you might not be able to run
that Adam command on the left him.
Now I've see a bunch of different files and folders that were automatically generated for us by the
re-act native Seelye.
Remember this was all created by the react in command.
Notice that there are immediately two folders one named Android and one named iOS by default re-act
native assumes that you will want to run your project on both Android and iOS.
So it sets up tooling to run on either platform right underneath those two.
You'll find a folder named node modules.
This house is a bunch of javascript dependencies for our project.
So if you open up that folder right now you'll see dozens of different folders each of which is a separate
dependency that is being loaded into our codebase underneath these folders.
You'll see a couple different files that are used for configuration.
In general we will be really touching any of these different files.
Then a little bit lower down here towards the bottom you'll find the file that we really want to care
about right now which is the index J.S. file.
This is the root file.
The starting point the entry point of our application.
So when we go to build our app we're going to start adding some code inside of this index not J.S. file.
If we open up that file right now you'll see just a little bit of code inside of it.
Again this is all pre-generated by the re-act native Seelye.
Now I'm a big believer of understanding every last line of code that gets written.
So the first thing that we're going to do here is highlight this code and delete it.
So we're going to rewrite everything inside this file from scratch.
So we really understand what is going into building a re-act native application.
This looks good.
Let's continue from here in the next video.